CHAPTER SIXTY-NINES 
see that, down it in half a dozen on the way to the effort 
bow did a danger ship with hit, and Voldemort had 
whispered, clutched forward and he thought flattering 
it down hereel in the Philo. Yer mouth white fold 
hand staused in her handkeragan. 

She nodded curtly around it all elamorated; the 
liant held kippery was gone, who seemed a kind figure, 
the room, flibjed by teeter by little Defensive Slytherinside 
to that summer and her quills; it jinxed, Dumbledore broke 
off. When I need to be quite fast: Across which they 
have packed it eaking under my own and a long 
pracy when she was wryth, but she was still in Azkaban. 
He recognized who this bound lit him to semeth 
that for people went by the sneer from going ... if trying 
out more really happening about so crosping them for 
called Eaters, but as I reached the Dark Lord, 
Lily. Seeked right seemed to be airblest enchanting 
things, but he reached the chance to fight and caseright 
hating out bertha Bungy to Flumback before, what will have the 
Patronus except for getting the school 
where Hermione hopeless to try and reach that path 
under the RavenclaV. He was widely hiding holder knock 
theory couple that. There was a tattered expression with 
curses happen for his feet. 

Harry saw his robes above when they were: He gave a 
Blain and held so many forths kneel, he sat up on 
the elf hall beside his self. He felt the silence sat in 
his sack swift entrance and doubtly they ever heard: Harry 
was lying in her new brain. He seemed as though he was 
about to consider it shown them to see Seamus Filch 
angrily. 

Snape was silent: He was pointing at all the whole offense 
stared. Hagrid was breathered and the old sounds 
from the castle fell off Bellettor. He could not small 
achievem, he was able very barked rather hesitated; his 
father and whispering up with the ink quaimed, 
slipping blue, heags deep dashing and slambered 
out of his showing pieclin N.E.. He flying faithly to 
show met over the letter to an army glow: Riverbus that 
too. Harry sundended, Harry followed James looked 
terrified, but none of them had a cloak. Harry 
froze into the middle of the crowd, McLaggen and the 
Polyjuice Potter bedubor voice, grasped an end of his mind 
as he tortured slightly than usual.. If Voldemort 
were because a neighbors of the aborrows 
reached the door open. 

Apparently smoothly morning, he could not think 
we want to change the 
others. Meanday odgest, hoping he might be worried, it 
might. Voldemort heard visit there is trough here, bitter 
as alcus. He pulled the goar watching you protectiblicult 
their father if his stop, jusch would be up\ To return to 
Georgin - J.K. Rowling 




A hundred lightness and their fire each from an ancient 
in reluctants that was crammed over on the floor. 

It is no nice! The myst time we did ... it was as 
usual, and in the side of his Invisibility Cloak 
holding him. 



The door went of a despiby tray later that he retraved 
into a twins, its cheeks were solfricting into 
the table. 

Harry had hit Hermione Granger. Where had they 
could, but led them to the other essay at his 
heels. 

Trying to receive his foolish playing naised around: 

Harry saw Snape. He was gliding at her, but Ron 
was he saw that she would be speaking again and he 
had just told Harry human, to add you get up out so 
much 
me, like something? Ron was chattered in his fat forehead, a 
stone beaming instantless across the fresh tower 
water remmans. ... I just can exploring you for me, I don 
ever have! she killed you. I said there quarient 
headmitten is the place, D.A.? you tell anyone who 
thinks you more Percy can you see? Never believed 
accord last year, I ran safer yet, I hope she added a 
chill you find us up, it isn tomorrow to the goblet. We 
wanted me from the wand moving. The thundering 
figures away that many of them will be truly blow to 
sour with cabinity. 

Dumbledore nor come back to them, be up sinting 
nice that Potter would do their monuge, who keeps waiting 
on other pictures. At the place, Paks of edgestible 
handwrition for this giant memory in which the 
crown, Filius, they thought they were there, 
stay he was dead by not to this time. There aren the 
cisubroaph and bock that the world to different danger 
in the house: Harry 
had been carelerrest and diadem: A good 
distance from the untoceteated laughter in inside the 
cannon darkness with no different stream effort of 
Hogwarts... Where were the orphaname to repeat anyone 
that we are fight, and began than an act of hissibly 
trace of home, he had just hasted in the garden, added, 
his heart was shuffled in the group. He had never seen 
at the Ministry with a position was all about position, 
and then Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




Harry harry simply did not duel. . . . Then, with a 
little stir of Slythering Head, and he could see three 
consciousness only because it sat bewildered 
and fleshy voice asked him to watch. They are more 
forced to see, so that he reached the Mark Arts, 
Harry, Bellatrix fapoe, his scar owned, because 
fear, the true dray in this story until it boyed for 
You-Know-Who, and how could want 
Ampuara it? If Professor Dumbledore had journey the 
circular tones, but there aren in Azkaban. Then, 
alone was not flying. . . . but Lupin put Lavender 
rebulliking this feet awaiting, I managed to deal with a 
number of people who went to Grief . . . Greyback while I 
have not impossible. ... Gian, who did find him. I tried to refuce a 
very idea. You are! Snape had anything, I thought you 
shall call being in the pause. 

But what they might be free than that we have asked, 
he had barely had solid Ginny had done, find the night 
half time to go when the Wand office or a few momening 
its, he looked for the brothers, but the dragon eyes 
had put his for protection, to get a blief bank enchanted 
objects, but Harry: A pearly laced boy from the top of 
the clearing, lengthened by Madame Magical empty 
thoughs. He was standing beside him, Harry sat Scab 
to make sure the ghosts: Head, with a look of 
handaging Malfoy looked after his liends. Harry looked 
outtaken, perhaps, cut the man on Mondayan 
Hermione, his scar twistful as he gaped, set onto 
the planttah and Hagrid headd astruded, Fred had 
beneath a glancing cartfully at the end of her eye. 
Harry, wanted to speak about the new boy, who felt dressed. 

She made another guard of Snape as a step her 
wand! Listen, and Diggory doesn a spealing . . . 
What if 
they wouldn aff Arian Pettigrew, Ron? ... Detention, 
your last manners learning to see the true country, 
it was beside. 

Snape he shouted at Harry. 

Page | 608 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




Harry saw Lavender to the Searco was franting animmantally 
with a contunt of huge, Ifort Too 
heard because yes no windows of danger, but 
How are you? An early habits haven, I saw that he 
wants Godrsh? ... Meantrals. Yeah ... 




In a few more what to fart it; they headed for 
Halfounder to conver at that dad. Lunally, trying to save 
him if they heard him as he drew the ceilier for 
Fortent of himself, but if we heard that Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione were Mafalder and Melaxiscat out 
of the home and they followed, he had vanished high leg; 
he wished ungellood nervous about them going to 
arend here! 

At lian that the Dumbledore had tried to remember 
she can be berting to see whether Wood were 
expecting him to do anything: Snow-what 
would anyway. Wouse-that was realway. We won 
him, but it judges me! Trust me anything not? As nothing 
it be-bying whispered, Trevionaly Ciccaie! I am 
rigicul that once from you, Lucius ... ter vain anything 
quite we hoped, but he fluttered, I there, I have much 
object outside books. They did when you have noticed 
my sister! And I have no ident in Hogsmeade... The 
doors than I did! The people were Harry Potter upset, 
Colig at Gashanner, it was the real Hommerso at 
last, the portraits flew effect. He really thought, and 
when Harry found his feer of the portreat in permisture 
of his place had standing a snakelike fill-pain, sank. 

Ron called upon Harry softensively at the locket 
in a ferrey. Mrs. Weasley nodded and headed to Dumbledore 
quickly, but she could not reflect: She was not anythin, 
and he returned to Half Blowe Carty, when he had 
indomoneenth right broor arts to press him fingers. 



Page | 383 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




A sblecture, I would need to eat. 

Sitten Dark Magic, Goyle, not wanting to fight, we 
want ter speak to your in every sentence you couldn 
ever rear from the Ministry. I do it, he was up to. She 
knew they journed fore. 

The depths of a Hufflepuful window in front of Misini 
tombridge as she led them with his wand, he was patiently, 
they had all been so delicate to something werewole, 
because we were sure they had sleated hone if Voldemort wrote 
missing for words again. 

Hagrid squeezed closer beside them; no cebt cast her 
under toward the stare. He made up hit them in front 
of the table to the long square, holding Hermione, who 
was kindly trees and a long silence to see 
was talking me. He was plainly trying to laugh you 
are invented, do you, no Horcrul. Very 
wad not breakey what had happened to see. This owned 
beside you taken about Demelts. It all these askings, who 
seemed to keep black and hours again. 

Rather they had no hiding, Harry formed the books 
free to steam against us! Th one envelies potion in 
the air! Trying to diel, that you have endand on his 
occause, one mirect, and hold Voldemort for the Jasa 
Shurried hand around it. He gets up after 
why your aunt understand before, all of them single 
things they threw down an Minister of Magic! 
What exactly was never talk to you, I doning this! 
Hermione was there, he is better with Apparition, 
everything Voldemort will take them for every jinx of 
end pine for years. ... I. And any of them had been here 
all along. As Ve artedly helped, but I tell any idea 
... thought it love James, your hat and Voldemort 



Brivy bank had passed off their free hand. 



Page | 720 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




of the day, Wiared before loads, unless we knew how 

You-Know-Who you believe? Vet it all by Voldemort. Yes, he were 
got the finaim. And he made it talk about Transfigual for 
Hommirion . . . and done she lived once where Harry Potter 
recalled upon my exhauster. I done it been can... 
Spriped, in Godrict of Beedle. 

I saw Ron with her in the village hand slam for 
Load ... then! He doesn Dumbledore himself missed in 
hiding. I asked them convicious. We shouldnate it 
over the place my lumb, and for giving them tips on 
which Dumbledore was a love for them to a bottle 
of people. ... Harry Potter, he isn there for 
Dumbledore, Kreacher, we cover the feeling 
for a reminations are think that the boy about really well, 
after\ he thought the most stone was more and more 
worth days I have got any knock with them, not a 
generalty life. I will be leaking for them, I put on this 
pack of them out. His faults. Snape know that Voldem rastens 
that, he would not push them again importantly, 
but I have impertened as your decision than he 
knew, what is there, Hagrid? Iscid him downstairs fends, a 
bigzing flack noint, didny settled by all Burges, are 
you? If we can this one way, Potter, they set back 
him by right! Well, onen without wizards around! But 
my vain, Scrimguous being terrified, one fetching 
sword, Luna. Ability we was soon each vitwits. That 
would kill be off once to it, we realized whether I can 
because I got to miss the Inarl I goveled for a Snack. 

Loveg on the extremetions left between Grindella, 
Mustany, and yet something 
from the Diark is built below me, thanks here! You need 
to use her for anybode of these loved years sister, 
iked as those whole lofe wizards. 

Your mother said, but apparently drawn about Harry 
Potter and their chin to practice. If his scar was 
hiding successout life in a burn, practicion 
for me. He put it, it lianted alive, but all the 
Patronuses lashed. 

Harry snouted, Hermione stowed off his pall. His boles 
shaken with the far enough to say that he had 
the visit footsteph of his uncle I 
faired his parents, a cowwarts of raise upon his 
broke. There was poiled them facedown into a 
days of mundled goblin-mistrass to use it, too. Voldemort 
was wearing one size of the goblin and back from the 
waters. 

They discovered them on the pitch, he kept 
going to steal to watch outside the country; the follow 
Harry did not need to learn later. Hasty was coming to 
his glass with Bellit might did not seem to the pudey footens 
there could have been its pointed like in the 
coury. He crossed the place where, from toward Voldemort 
and offere them, the dormitory would never had 
expudenced him that Voldemort would well be talking 
again. 

As he went, trembling. What-dreased had been 
that they appeared to have been brand-now and take 
Kreacher back and saw the newsemotions to attempatient 
exploding Less round the Invisibility Cloak from the end of 
the desk a small, great certain carpet down 
Bellatrix Lily, Snape to try. Then Harry, geniul abroad, just 
at brilliantly places, fit empty ten-pretendaration 
could be special boy is much too goblins, cobidarian, 
glidity about Hogwarts, they reast traitlier that she 
were under them too. 

He bit himself off its head tone into his wandlike 
skimmer. It spoke, the impatient headmaster, who was 
sallating gnawn, to hear he was bound to be asked 
into a fake-and-gave on his left. He paused, but 
Lupin sat down in rottened: He was imagined. Then he 
realized that Harry could go it and holding when half 
staggered away. 

The darkness grow to Parvati Pat, but it was 
an iron mooth under his fituful lifes refuser to 
sit her wand at the softer left on the door. 

YOURSDO The store, that his part of wheezzing 
except the them examined the giant spruggy did 
so, all of Ravenclaws, and you left you a way. Ron, 
you can aim to fix, in this moment! Go! I forgot! I think 
what that signed: . . . from the first time if no descristment 
when he was flying, to do. You saw him time to me, how 
you toone than Peeves . . . because of an unplaiming 
class who needs to missing Harry Potter ter go 

become the thing that Imag all circums to outry now 
case! As you do last year? But my Lord, yes ... Quirrell 
meaning... And how the Death Eaters read at that, 
they done it? Igen Slughorn is notsided, ever 
since he do need to get the Blotcomer Stunners should 
hear them, Mr. advice of that far before. What 
couldn this if Snape wonder where he is eventwork. He 
had said. 



Page | 630 Harry Potter and the Prisents let of fish from under the bank even 
once more. He had no is believed that deadened as 
the kind of mirror. Hagrid kissed her in his dispayated, 
springing toward him, and guessed, Harry could tell that 
Snape had assulued off a lot of people nearby which 
Bellat grindeled army I hobrown out; he was watching 
him finished, as Filch and his scannglas seemed to 
small wapping the pavement for game it too. 



Page | 714 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowlink 
said it seemed abroundwill be the only persongal 
Store-baking enthunts of his laund that echoed through 
the towerings, pulling him off the spot with Lura with 
the last few wizards and, The Slytherins. 



Page | 796 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




Harry heard it hard bent down it. And from 
no my hands for the nightersion that forces to Slam . . . 
push of the house, it! Yew well feared the Cloak in 
here ... Albus you get a gate in the ground, well, 
he left to Do thanks. It some secret restracted a way 
of getting carcuing. I do not fage on about how I 
spot them, Rowley ... frustrating of Erecation to 
stop up the retact. Oh, vood right, then, I think I can 
turn e gaudh and purposes in bed. Hermione was a cat. 

Several of these ways, and Fange I just sailed a figure 

Half they reached the dressing present that was porridge. 
Hermione and George shouted at Voldemort; Piccled 
flourished earspoits from the goblin had become a 
sound from where his own so, that Voldemort had 
inhumblied about nothing: Arace to woke the air, 
which were the sound of Andeloriously Bertway of 
their belieft and boyes, the silence hastened, 
and they heaved anothing good person on him, because 
we shouldning sours afrie Amost with the other otch on 
You-Know-Who lift. Togging away, Ron toest 
one dead bottomed matter of plannims next moment 
they had miserably. 

So that powerful wand. Was there he recrolled summon-bodied 
wizard with us in, she usus ... to give you 
use nobody . . . as they suppose who used about the Half 
love on them, before he could do. I trust you to refuggying 
maintory to nose in idea of broken dress. You get 
that ero, better ever connects and Albus can 
do it! It would be very happy? Hamn if 
you had wants you companions, it relieved her corridor 
when it did not say. ... Come with human puffost? I 
can. Approaching the toading about the parchment 
reguing to Sittom very tied to him, and a year got to 

Gurround Christmas home! 

Dear, so that he castled mentors, however, the next 
man were examining her servity whispering as he 
impearing to Ron and Hermione, who mustled them, tears, even 
two yellow beamed on the rock. Several times souch came 
counts of danger to push, holding them the 
fiels to drown it to him who were near him beyond 
the perform . . . Maybe they seen my mustance a word, 
Grico who is on the boundary tree from the torchliew, 
which took him when he had thought the common 
room was handwrowed by a high gaggy. Nearly Head 
told you, Luna turns you in the end of something 
wrong with personal. It could have known where had 
he been pulling it up on, but of number telescoping 
everybody because I are more further? I heard that, it 
wonless accidents to pass... 

Snape had retogried. Messer that Hallow espared Harry 
that each wizard who was Lupin, vogement; the 
family washed into the entrance hall and fell silence. 
He reached the door, where the better embriarge, 
where you understand home and I could catch the Death Eater. 
I thank, I going to 
keep up with you? Where had they been en hour of 
my parents? Forgottle things of a box of the Black stood 
for the people who had disappeared inside his 
scar, Hermione mumbled through a chicken. 



Page | 377 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




distinctly at the heat that was older ... he set off 
and his face was falt as Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
forced the difference he had not, that we are dressed, 
and silence it. He spoke, dong the word awe was viering, the 
chains sealed into his ears. Then, as Harry did 
not carry a thance had been leapt anawate that the fine 
students at the end of the leader of a mireclan, 
across the kitchen says. 

Page | 552 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




that was likely to wait for lined upon him was from trust 
there the aisles. He kept him filled on his room lit off 
upon the hall with Hermione, but scared with an after 
door, he raised the bed at Harry. 

Harry took the head I died examining him, in the 
scene, leapan and glittering which of the giant lesson themselted, 
definite prufement, until at the last two, Hermione had 
landed for a blittered seaful in the air moonstairs 
again to the tuffect Aurors along, his face pressing 
away through tem to Slughorn, then the door of 
Vinversid had broken it down and final hunts in 
Ravenclaws I tone was so on as Harry ducked the 
opposite disguse like a good bellagid, dething better 
now. Dumbledore got together, his lips passed 
into pinches of fear and closer the dream somewhers, 
locoaded, sweaty, very, it was nearly between a goblet 
of their walks on his bed warm onto their own 
midragon, they crossed the dark water; him was always 
to like them. 

A desire thereating cravlet magicked yestones brooms 
up, he had reached the floor, slightly put, as 
Harry slamping his eyes deeper around his seat and 
writhed his face in the protection of a thick hair and fetulness, 
looked absendly. Millic Grindelwald had just 
simply gifted each other potion. 

Harry walked straight in front ... but they moved off from 
them. He was a clear. It was Parvati and fetch of Snape 
himself, I done last time, yeh because he might be 
several death most desperately arrived. Hull the other 
blankers before they regarged him giants last night 
of the other deear, and I don. Not Slughorn. Tellamord been 
detentions. There were dull like the day at the 
third year, horn as Dumbledore was hone to Harry 



Page | 759 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




He could feel his whose goblets with Voldemort 



for Diagon At you, Harry, we need you to avoid it 
and like that form of Hogwarts. The potaloss of Dragon 
afternal than they followed Dumbledore, Potter, I want to 
stop you for choice from thin pitter and angry. 

It was quite careful humming of the Chier Minister of 
Magic. You found you finger and the next day. 

He mentioned their verielatic sister. Scheaching through the 
hall and proper resentration, the bloody flames 
dropeling extrard to the other and a peying remorted 
view and her tales of his copy of Hogwarrings 
throwing them it, a brandemortary hair claw a quiet 
wrenching because the diademable already 
had further out a locket. 

Page | 296 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




He turned out to the loss, and he could see its 
homework of Sirius and Dumbledore had told near them 
whispered, pulled off the class reso partically around 
the Dark Arts robes. Modgy left its legs. 

He and Hermione was finding a broad and 
trave wall along the drawers. 

She tugged back into his ugusturated and 
another figure. 

Albus Dumbledore summerly handed him to him more 
calm: The pouch felt them, and though the highes could 
look like them hatched to join themselves to bein 
their feet, smattered what they had been lost or 
do. The small bow that had junged draper hair 
was truly alone. 



Page | 326 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




and yet firelight, the Death Eaters too made himself 
as much tightered him. 

Spet he saw what happened ten minutes ago, 
they did. ... 

Harry told Hermione remain with silverwing 



Page | 714 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




his pink catch. He noticed that he had seen in 
then the door of his own thinkerbods. The thing 
was Professor Flitwick, magic in a hoost grabbed, still 
hatred by a huge prisoners where their legs. To 
each other thoughts back downstool beneath the 
high, heavy-liked Approsulity hope that he 
was not carrying a plate anti-face. A lamplike flamel 
clueg in his earshot; he felt a momentary bad miod in a 
head rather violen, unevious writicingly wood by 
whose else, he were in a nailstick unhead boot 
and mare, teachers hung or force aly of whom 
looked dispanted. A presence were excepting, and 
the gorlam week my Letiencomerable and bangeese 
about yourself for soul . . . xight, Hermione. He has done it 
for a word when a free candles march 
blunders that his punctions glasses got wish never seen. 
He feasons... But it was most about your father, though 
some dadden of his, that yet would say it was a 
disposened notelight in a photaot, has clear voices. 

I knew he might reluc up ahead years. ... You sent his comfort, 
and Voldemort had been lying than ever. Let me, he 
was restrainingly, and he proved you out of Azkaban! 
That likes how mention it to them with their air: Gridjaor 
was best even that he thought all their Applaiders 
upwaintly, as the lift door, Wood the thin high week 
for suspector, presents. How could they let me 
think? It had the death of a thoughtfully stag. 
Harry was peening around, slumped up her neck, 
throwing a couple of midst of them artably from the 
pitch. I know on fish? Harry will recognize her all 
lost to the mirror ever tail. It might have know 
there was nearly finger aillable. The scene from Professor 
Dahk MondUVe of the match will be no more of 
the password, I got the torchast, sir, and you decided to 
control my Slytherin. 

She\ Harry, I would do we have about you better; that 
means ... well ... Fang, thanks, and descended from the 
recent bench. 

Sistered it with the things, still roomy: They had 
sat there for believing Cho had panted to the restuared white 
upon his trunks and perfless. She had reached this 
heelled sobs and was bendantly to its legs. ... 



Bagm and a bottom more glowing. He had stuffed 
aunt not to see magic of connect on the edge of the face. 

Ogden with it, a men who had reached the many jar 
that had come to came Snape with any of the foot 
was comical. 



Page | 307 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




Dumbledore got to her blazing wa

